
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                  283769613                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                   4366                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                5059664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   917766                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     0.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              412876528                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                        3000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        630759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000284                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   283769613                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                           333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.BranchMispred                       156409                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.Branches                            156922                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                  248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            156409                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            156922                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                244                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups             248                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses                4                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  156922                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted            4                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.committedInsts                        3000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                        630759                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                         796                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                             2                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156153                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                             1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                        3595                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                             5                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                           852160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                     852160                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               785144                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              159603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       156911                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           9                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                474888                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                       474888                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             1104281                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             317707                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                         795                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        156948                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156153                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                155871     24.71%     24.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    317940     50.41%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                      795      0.13%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  156153     24.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                     630759                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.predictedBranches                      244                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    109910.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29014.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples      2581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11522.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      582.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   582.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    3.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    582106020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            582106020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    582106020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           582106020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   809.411765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   663.755180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   337.659354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127           13      6.37%      6.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255            9      4.41%     10.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           12      5.88%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           14      6.86%     23.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639            4      1.96%     25.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      3.43%     28.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      2.94%     31.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      1.96%     33.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          135     66.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                165184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 165184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       165184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            165184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         2581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     29014.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       165184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 582106019.928215503693                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     74885530                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState               5201                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         2581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               2581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   92.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17             192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18             131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21             129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22             132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23             129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24             131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25             129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27             129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28             116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000001418485                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000023492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   2581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     2581                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 2581                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       2581                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                92.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    2376                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   8599892                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                    283678000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               74885530                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    29738678                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        12137435.083200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            107596.944000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   25626009.494400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           362.570459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       494500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF      4550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    174761853                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      9883556                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     21933776                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     72145928                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        426869.184000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            189949.989600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   2372050.800000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           2334209.942400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        8786122.144800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy    50906235.357600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          102886478.940000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime            82029484                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        24383570.668800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            212075.136000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   49959608.160000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           435.665480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       858500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF      9100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     75393480                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     13603302                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     44148880                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    140665451                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        830083.833600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            371641.284000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   3266093.040000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           4745221.152000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        17572244.289600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy    22288087.197600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          123628624.761600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime           229616772                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState                  2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        159112.329600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           292.425187                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7791840                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF       350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    268191933                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      7435840                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2547620.544000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   1784685.840000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        675855.549600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy    77814107.901600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          82981382.164800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime             7435840                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        159112.329600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           292.425187                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7791840                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF       350000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    268191933                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      7435840                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2547620.544000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   1784685.840000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        675855.549600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy    77814107.901600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          82981382.164800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime             7435840                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch           2581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch         2581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data         2581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data         2581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3573                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3573    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         3573                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples         3590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.938997                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.025370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.675677                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |        3573     99.53%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |          12      0.33%     99.86% |           1      0.03%     99.89% |           4      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total         3590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           17                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   199.294118                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   198.466975                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.276815                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     70.59%     70.59% |           1      5.88%     76.47% |           4     23.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks         2510      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement           37      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load             230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store             34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks         2493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch            3590      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement         1540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load               556      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement         1503      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load             255      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store         153889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack         1540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load             71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store          2493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch          3573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store           156416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack            1540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock         2564      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         2493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS             71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX           2493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX           1540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX         1540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         2564      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data          2581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         2493      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR           17      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples          485                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         485    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total          485                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples          556                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean      27.345324                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.962559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     83.798619                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |         555     99.82%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           1      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total           556                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           71                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   207.309859                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   196.376715                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   134.228227                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |          70     98.59%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           1      1.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           71                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples          258                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         258    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total          258                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples          262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.511450                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.086640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.255096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |         258     98.47%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           0      0.00%     98.47% |           4      1.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total          262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples            4                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean          231                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   231.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total            4                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       153665                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      153665    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       153665                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples       156154                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.295945                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.087985                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     30.082939                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |      156119     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          24      0.02%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total        156154                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2489                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   207.779831                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   198.444902                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   121.267044                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        2454     98.59%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |          24      0.96%     99.56% |          10      0.40%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2489                      
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_count_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_count_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::total         5162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_size_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::system.mem_ctrls0.port       165184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pkt_size_system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.memory::total       165184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.ruby.crossbars.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.crossbars.reqLayer0.occupancy      1290500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.ruby.crossbars.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.crossbars.respLayer0.occupancy      6538970                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.ruby.crossbars.respLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.crossbars.trans_dist::ReadReq         2581                       # Transaction distribution
system.ruby.crossbars.trans_dist::ReadResp         2581                       # Transaction distribution
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                  13387                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  2.014641                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.792317                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |        8654     64.64%     64.64% |        3230     24.13%     88.77% |           0      0.00%     88.77% |           0      0.00%     88.77% |         549      4.10%     92.87% |         954      7.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                    13387                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples          6685                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         3.420194                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.380885                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |        1952     29.20%     29.20% |        3230     48.32%     77.52% |           0      0.00%     77.52% |           0      0.00%     77.52% |         549      8.21%     85.73% |         954     14.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total            6685                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples          6702                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.612653                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.487180                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |        2596     38.73%     38.73% |        4106     61.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total            6702                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  3999.887232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.877542                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.878423                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       157981                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157981    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       157981                      
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       156972                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       154408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         2564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses         3590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits         3573                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.188445                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   332.999609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.009672                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   665.997655                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3499.062620                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004678                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   332.910123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.009095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.982380                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5116.953551                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses         2581                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         2581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.871375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3499.105789                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3618.423801                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples         160562                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          4.323414                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.088764                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        30.196900                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |      160526     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          24      0.01%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total           160562                      
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2581                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   207.746997                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   198.434574                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   121.135320                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |        2545     98.61%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |          24      0.93%     99.54% |          11      0.43%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2581                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3117.009653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.004518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers02.avg_stall_time  1618.997309                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1999.957712                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1499.608838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1499.627339                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers16.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers16.avg_stall_time  2499.339253                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers18.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers18.avg_stall_time  4116.985126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers19.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers19.avg_stall_time  2499.370088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers20.avg_buf_msgs     0.004518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers20.avg_stall_time  2618.714079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers21.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers21.avg_stall_time  2999.925996                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control           123888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        98496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      1114992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control          888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       324648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control           15486                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        12312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        15486                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control          111                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         4509                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0        20648                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        12320                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       185832                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       108216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1540                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2564                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1503                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     1.915195                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2999.201817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.021944                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2617.019273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.007101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1119.136281                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     2.182137                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        12320                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       185832                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1540                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     1.648254                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        20648                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       108216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2564                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1503                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0        41296                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        12320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       371664                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       108216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0         5162                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1540                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2564                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5162                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1503                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     3.052120                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4616.970219                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2999.238819                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.004518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3118.569821                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1499.970927                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time   999.740987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     3.694718                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        20648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       185832                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       108216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2564                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1503                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     2.409522                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        20648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        12320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       185832                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1540                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0        20648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       185832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     1.136924                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3499.907495                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time   999.753321                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.227385                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        20648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     2.046464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       185832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0        41296                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        12320                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       371664                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       108216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0         5162                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1540                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2564                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5162                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1503                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     1.220848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  1999.474926                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.007261                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3616.998270                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1999.499594                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.004518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  2118.856575                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.004548                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  2499.942735                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     2.182137                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        12320                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       185832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1540                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     3.694718                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        20648                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       185832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          296                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       108216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2564                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1503                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle2.link_utilization     0.227385                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        20648                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         2581                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples       160562                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000012                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000009                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.003529                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      160560    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total       160562                      
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    283769613                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
